Add Docusaurus message (#259)
trussworks/Engineering-Playbook: README.md

> ⚠️❗ __The deployed version of the engineering playbook is now on [Docusaurus](https://playbook.truss.dev/).

Reviewer: I sincerely don't know if this thought is helpful or just pedantic, so I leave it to others to decide :)

I think Docusaurus is just a markdown-to-html rendering engine, so the eng playbook is not really "on" Docusaurus?

```suggestion
⚠️❗ __The engineering playbook is now deployed on [playbook.truss.dev](https://playbook.truss.dev/) and it should be read there.
```

Author: ```suggestion
⚠️❗ __The deployed version of the engineering playbook is now deployed at [playbook.truss.dev](https://playbook.truss.dev/) using [Docusaurus](https://docusaurus.io/).
We recommend you read it there.
```

@rpdelaney how about this?

Reviewer 2: I'll say that we saw this same issue with MilMove when discussing documentation. We eventually stopped calling it Docusuarus as not only is it sometimes difficult to say / spell check. It was also causing confusion as Docusaurus is a Facebook project and was causing folks to get further confused. I like the second suggestion here @mikena-truss

Reviewer: Looks good!
